P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0/README.md, before:

# Azure Sphere Low Power External MCU To Cloud Reference v1.0 Design and Production Files

This project provides a hardware reference design that demonstrates how to integrate an MT3620 module and an external MCU onto a single printed circuit board (PCB) with a low-power design.  Specifically, it incorporates an ultra-low-power [STM32L031](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32l031k6.html) microcontroller and an Azure Sphere module from [Avnet](https://www.avnet.com/shop/us/products/avnet-engineering-services/aes-ms-mt3620-m-g-tr-3074457345641969195/) in a design implemented on a 4 layer printed circuit board (PCB) with a total thickness of approximately 1.6mm. The architecture showcases the following:

1. Low power features of Azure Sphere [Power Down State](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure-sphere/app-development/power-down).
2. Secure communication with IOT Central [Software repository](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-central/core/overview-iot-central).
3. Over-the-air (OTA) firmware update of the external STM32 microcontroller using Azure Sphere.

## Usage Notes

The board can be powered either by a battery pack or through the onboard micro-USB port. An on-board power OR-ing circuit ensures power is consumed from the micro-USB port if connected. The micro-USB socket on the board is used for Power input only.

To facilitate the low power features of Azure Sphere, the system has two 3.3V Buck converters.

- One of the 3.3V lines is always ON and powers the STM32 microcontroller
- The second 3.3V is switched off by the MT3620 when it enters low power mode

The MT3620 on the Avnet module has the following features available in this design:

- Dedicated Reset button (MT3620 - RESET)
- Spare button for user input (MT3620 - SPARE)
- Dedicated RGB LED (MT3620 - LEDs)
- One PWM output and one ADC input (MT3620 - SPARE)

The board is designed to interface with the Azure Sphere [FTDI Interface board](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-hardware-designs/tree/master/P-FTINT-1-1). This provides a way to connect the board to a host computer via a USB port for programming/debugging/recovering as with an MT3620 RDB.

The STM32L031 microcontroller supports the following features which are available in this design:

- Dedicated Reset button (STM32 - RESET)
- Two spare buttons for user input (STM32 - A, STM32 - B)
- Dedicated RGB LED (D3)
- Three Spare GPIO or ADC input (STM32 - SPARE)
- Battery voltage level reader

The board has a 10-pin SWD header for programming/debugging the STM32 microcontroller. You will need an [ST-Link programmer]( https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/st-link-v2.html) and an [adapter board](https://www.olimex.com/Products/ARM/JTAG/ARM-JTAG-20-10/) to convert from the 20-pin STM32 connector on the ST-Link programmer to the 10-pin SWD on the debug/programming board.

[ ![hardware setup](./media/P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0-hardware-setup.png) ](./media/P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0-hardware-setup-5X.png#lightbox)

## Directory contents

This project contains the design files for the Device To Cloud - External MCU, Low Power reference design. These consist of the following:

- Altium P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0  folder contains the Altium Designer schematics, PCB layout, and supporting project files.
  - FTDIProgrammer.Harness      describes FTDI programmer signal harness between multiple schematic sheets.
  - FTDIProgrammer.SchDoc       describes FTDI programming interface.
  - MT3620AvnetModule.SchDoc    describes the Avnet module interface.     
  - P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0.OutJob  describes the PCB output generation structure.   
  - P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0.PcbDoc  describes the PCB design.
  - P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0.PrjPcb  is the Hardware design project file for Altium.
  - PowerSupply.SchDoc          describes the power management unit.       
  - STM32L031.SchDoc               
  - TopLevelBlock.SchDoc          describes the top level block diagram for the hardware design and schematic flow.   
- Production P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0  folder contains the gerber, drill, and pick and place data files, along with a detailed variant report file.
   - Gerber                       folder contains the files needed for PCB manufacture.
   - NC Drill                     folder contains the files needed for PCB manufacture.
   - Pick Place                   folder contains the files needed for population of the PCB.
   - VariantReport.html           describes the different PCB variants.
- P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0 _PCB StackUp (Production).PDF        is a report on the PCB stack up required for manufacture.
- P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0_BOM (Production).xlsx                is an Excel spreadsheet that contains the bill of materials.
- P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0_Schematic (Production).PDF           is a collection of the schematic documents in PDF format.

## Deploying the software reference solution on the hardware reference design PCB

To run the [DeviceToCloud reference solution](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/tree/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud) on the hardware reference design PCB, follow the instructions in the [BuildMcuToCloud.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/blob/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud/ExternalMcuLowPower/BuildMcuToCloud.md) file, starting from [Build and deploy the MCU app](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/blob/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud/ExternalMcuLowPower/BuildMcuToCloud.md#build-and-deploy-the-mcu-app). You will first need to make the following changes:

- Modify the DeviceToCloud reference solution [cmakelists.txt](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/tree/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud/ExternalMcuLowPower/AzureSphere_HighLevelApp) file to point to the hardware definition for the board.

    For example, `azsphere_target_hardware_definition(${PROJECT_NAME} TARGET_DIRECTORY "../HardwareDefinitions/msft_m2c_hwref" TARGET_DEFINITION "soda_machine.json")`.

- Update the STM32 application, [McuSoda](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/tree/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud/ExternalMcuLowPower/McuSoda), to work with the hardware reference solution.

   1. Open the solution in the STM32 Cube IDE, and open the file McuSoda.ioc:
      
      [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture1.png) ](./media/Picture1.png#lightbox)
   
   1. You may at this point be prompted to migrate the project to a newer firmware version. Don’t do this, just click **Continue**. You should see the following:
   
      [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture2.png) ](./media/Picture2.png#lightbox)

   1. Click on **PA5** and select **ADC_IN5**.
   
      [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture3.png) ](./media/Picture3.png#lightbox)

   1. Click on **PA4** then  click on **Reset_State**
   1. Right-click on **PA5**, click on **Enter user label** and enter “ADC_BATTERY_LVL”. You should see the following:
   
      [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture4.png) ](./media/Picture4.png#lightbox)

   1. In the left panel, expand the **Analog** section and double click on **ADC**.
   
      [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture5.png) ](./media/Picture5.png#lightbox)

   1. In the configuration pane select the **Parameter Settings** tab. The settings should match the following:
   
        [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture6.png) ](./media/Picture6.png#lightbox)

   1. Press the Ctrl-S to save the settings then rebuild and deploy the application.

- Where the [Build and deploy the MCU app](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/blob/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud/ExternalMcuLowPower/BuildMcuToCloud.md#build-and-deploy-the-mcu-app) instructions say to connect development boards to the PC, instead connect the custom hardware as described and illustrated above.

## Current monitoring on hardware
The hardware provides headers and current sense resistors for monitoring the current consumption of the MT3620 chip.  
On-board sense resistors can be added to the power rail and the differential voltage across it can be measured using a Voltmeter on the available test points.

[![current monitoring hardware](./media/PowerMeasurement.png)](./media/PowerMeasurement.png#lightbox)

| Name        | Description           | Sense Resistor  | Test Points |
| :-------------: |:-------------:| :-----:| :-----: |
| V1      | Always ON 3.3V powering RTC and STM32 | R21 - 0R link  (should be changed if used) |TP3 and TP4 |
| V2      | RTC 3.3V that is always ON |R3 - 100R |   TP1 and TP2 |
| V3 | MT3620 3.3V that is switched OFF in low power (RTC modes) | R27 - 0.1R |TP5 and TP6 |

## Change Log

| Version | Notes                   |
| :-------: | :----------------------- |
| V1.0    | First design release. |

Commit message:

Updated compatibility notes with Avnet Module V2 for Device To Cloud - External MCU, Low Power reference design

P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0/README.md, after:

# Azure Sphere Low Power External MCU To Cloud Reference v1.0 Design and Production Files

This project provides a hardware reference design that demonstrates how to integrate an MT3620 module and an external MCU onto a single printed circuit board (PCB) with a low-power design.  Specifically, it incorporates an ultra-low-power [STM32L031](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32l031k6.html) microcontroller and an Azure Sphere module from [Avnet](https://www.avnet.com/shop/us/products/avnet-engineering-services/aes-ms-mt3620-m-g-tr-3074457345641969195/) in a design implemented on a 4 layer printed circuit board (PCB) with a total thickness of approximately 1.6mm. The architecture showcases the following:

1. Low power features of Azure Sphere [Power Down State](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure-sphere/app-development/power-down).
2. Secure communication with IOT Central [Software repository](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-central/core/overview-iot-central).
3. Over-the-air (OTA) firmware update of the external STM32 microcontroller using Azure Sphere.

## Usage Notes

The board can be powered either by a battery pack or through the onboard micro-USB port. An on-board power OR-ing circuit ensures power is consumed from the micro-USB port if connected. The micro-USB socket on the board is used for Power input only.

To facilitate the low power features of Azure Sphere, the system has two 3.3V Buck converters.

- One of the 3.3V lines is always ON and powers the STM32 microcontroller
- The second 3.3V is switched off by the MT3620 when it enters low power mode

The MT3620 on the Avnet module has the following features available in this design:

- Dedicated Reset button (MT3620 - RESET)
- Spare button for user input (MT3620 - SPARE)
- Dedicated RGB LED (MT3620 - LEDs)
- One PWM output and one ADC input (MT3620 - SPARE)

The board is designed to interface with the Azure Sphere [FTDI Interface board](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-hardware-designs/tree/master/P-FTINT-1-1). This provides a way to connect the board to a host computer via a USB port for programming/debugging/recovering as with an MT3620 RDB.

The STM32L031 microcontroller supports the following features which are available in this design:

- Dedicated Reset button (STM32 - RESET)
- Two spare buttons for user input (STM32 - A, STM32 - B)
- Dedicated RGB LED (D3)
- Three Spare GPIO or ADC input (STM32 - SPARE)
- Battery voltage level reader

The board has a 10-pin SWD header for programming/debugging the STM32 microcontroller. You will need an [ST-Link programmer]( https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/st-link-v2.html) and an [adapter board](https://www.olimex.com/Products/ARM/JTAG/ARM-JTAG-20-10/) to convert from the 20-pin STM32 connector on the ST-Link programmer to the 10-pin SWD on the debug/programming board.

[ ![hardware setup](./media/P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0-hardware-setup.png) ](./media/P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0-hardware-setup-5X.png#lightbox)

## Directory contents

This project contains the design files for the Device To Cloud - External MCU, Low Power reference design. These consist of the following:

- Altium P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0  folder contains the Altium Designer schematics, PCB layout, and supporting project files.
  - FTDIProgrammer.Harness      describes FTDI programmer signal harness between multiple schematic sheets.
  - FTDIProgrammer.SchDoc       describes FTDI programming interface.
  - MT3620AvnetModule.SchDoc    describes the Avnet module interface.     
  - P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0.OutJob  describes the PCB output generation structure.   
  - P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0.PcbDoc  describes the PCB design.
  - P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0.PrjPcb  is the Hardware design project file for Altium.
  - PowerSupply.SchDoc          describes the power management unit.       
  - STM32L031.SchDoc               
  - TopLevelBlock.SchDoc          describes the top level block diagram for the hardware design and schematic flow.   
- Production P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0  folder contains the gerber, drill, and pick and place data files, along with a detailed variant report file.
   - Gerber                       folder contains the files needed for PCB manufacture.
   - NC Drill                     folder contains the files needed for PCB manufacture.
   - Pick Place                   folder contains the files needed for population of the PCB.
   - VariantReport.html           describes the different PCB variants.
- P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0 _PCB StackUp (Production).PDF        is a report on the PCB stack up required for manufacture.
- P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0_BOM (Production).xlsx                is an Excel spreadsheet that contains the bill of materials.
- P-MT3620EXMSTLP-1-0_Schematic (Production).PDF           is a collection of the schematic documents in PDF format.

## Deploying the software reference solution on the hardware reference design PCB

To run the [DeviceToCloud reference solution](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/tree/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud) on the hardware reference design PCB, follow the instructions in the [BuildMcuToCloud.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/blob/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud/ExternalMcuLowPower/BuildMcuToCloud.md) file, starting from [Build and deploy the MCU app](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/blob/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud/ExternalMcuLowPower/BuildMcuToCloud.md#build-and-deploy-the-mcu-app). You will first need to make the following changes:

- Modify the DeviceToCloud reference solution [cmakelists.txt](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/tree/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud/ExternalMcuLowPower/AzureSphere_HighLevelApp) file to point to the hardware definition for the board.

    For example, `azsphere_target_hardware_definition(${PROJECT_NAME} TARGET_DIRECTORY "../HardwareDefinitions/msft_m2c_hwref" TARGET_DEFINITION "soda_machine.json")`.

- Update the STM32 application, [McuSoda](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/tree/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud/ExternalMcuLowPower/McuSoda), to work with the hardware reference solution.

   1. Open the solution in the STM32 Cube IDE, and open the file McuSoda.ioc:
      
      [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture1.png) ](./media/Picture1.png#lightbox)
   
   1. You may at this point be prompted to migrate the project to a newer firmware version. Don’t do this, just click **Continue**. You should see the following:
   
      [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture2.png) ](./media/Picture2.png#lightbox)

   1. Click on **PA5** and select **ADC_IN5**.
   
      [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture3.png) ](./media/Picture3.png#lightbox)

   1. Click on **PA4** then  click on **Reset_State**
   1. Right-click on **PA5**, click on **Enter user label** and enter “ADC_BATTERY_LVL”. You should see the following:
   
      [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture4.png) ](./media/Picture4.png#lightbox)

   1. In the left panel, expand the **Analog** section and double click on **ADC**.
   
      [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture5.png) ](./media/Picture5.png#lightbox)

   1. In the configuration pane select the **Parameter Settings** tab. The settings should match the following:
   
        [ ![hardware setup](./media/Picture6.png) ](./media/Picture6.png#lightbox)

   1. Press the Ctrl-S to save the settings then rebuild and deploy the application.

- Where the [Build and deploy the MCU app](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sphere-samples/blob/master/Samples/DeviceToCloud/ExternalMcuLowPower/BuildMcuToCloud.md#build-and-deploy-the-mcu-app) instructions say to connect development boards to the PC, instead connect the custom hardware as described and illustrated above.

## Current monitoring on hardware
The hardware provides headers and current sense resistors for monitoring the current consumption of the MT3620 chip.  
On-board sense resistors can be added to the power rail and the differential voltage across it can be measured using a Voltmeter on the available test points.

[![current monitoring hardware](./media/PowerMeasurement.png)](./media/PowerMeasurement.png#lightbox)

| Name        | Description           | Sense Resistor  | Test Points |
| :-------------: |:-------------:| :-----:| :-----: |
| V1      | Always ON 3.3V powering RTC and STM32 | R21 - 0R link  (should be changed if used) |TP3 and TP4 |
| V2      | RTC 3.3V that is always ON |R3 - 100R |   TP1 and TP2 |
| V3 | MT3620 3.3V that is switched OFF in low power (RTC modes) | R27 - 0.1R |TP5 and TP6 |

## Compatibility Note

The Avnet module V1 is used in this design. This design is also compatible with the V2 of the Avnet module - see considerations listed on Page 3 of Schematic.
